this week so comment friend
99% of time editing these videos on this
hair you just never seem to go out
especially women never been on a blind
date before
redundant Street n53 development
regarding the street again the amount of
times I chopped yourself and stuff too
okay I'll do one they like fight it so
get in love all right all right now
you're going to go out tomorrow night
and we're going to find what are you
saying white stopping in the middle
senescence I'm a pirate oh yeah let me
spit food all right let me take care of
this my name is Thomas and these are my
friends Matt amar and Darren since I
don't get to go out much they've decided
to test three of the strangest most
unconventional way to find me a blind
date
penetrating conventional way and using
my expertise in Photoshop to create a
flyer for Thomas you will we got pros
exceptional cut mind-blowing consider it
be French which is the huge plus for
America you can get into any event for
without an invitation through my friend
isn't like getting these cons are you
forget it soccer fix gets angry and he
uses a lot of snapchat filters to create
characters yeah it's the problem Emily
was blogging nude on a professional last
part smeller and why my place Wilkinson
like this
[Music]
we are high
can we take three minutes every time
okay no worries sorry I'm um I want to
bring this over okay
Tori what do people look scared but we
are trying to set up our best friend on
a blind date so we made flyers for him
so I'm going to give you this you're
going to give you this
I live in Tanzania and she is away yeah
you're really not you're you're you're
lucky too we're trying to set up a
friend on a blind date but you take it
okay to marry all right thank you
Darren and bye
hi guys pretty weird out of the things
in here today we're trying to set up our
best friend on a blind date
okay priors hey guys hey guys memory I
know you get mad cool well have a good
back then was there good and you've
never been set up on a blind date okay
yeah oh that's one strategy number 101 I
just got a text saying hey Thomas date
with two blondes today double the fun
question mark okay so we got our friends
really over here can help us out and get
Thomas to Thursday her name is Annie and
he has no idea she's going to go on a
date with momma so to make this fun for
everyone we set up a scavenger hunt we
planted three different clues for Annie
that would lead her to prom who also
didn't know that he was going on a blind
date so this way we have two friends
helping two other friends get on a blind
date okay how about this ready for some
fun we've just begun a true blind date I
can't wait arriving alive an idea on the
patio
repetitive under the lights it's sure to
be a delight oh oh my god oh good
slowing I don't know if you guys noticed
but I'm sure you've seen Julie am just a
tipping it this is actually when we met
him so many fun I was celebrating hi
we're trying to set up our friends on a
blind date I'm going to come in here as
my friend Annie he's going on a
scavenger hunt to go on a blind date so
weird love it if you could participate
and give her one of the clues awesome
yeah yeah thank you all right thank you
bye
we're ready are we ready for her yeah
okay that's oh my gosh here we go five I
think so a meter I'll say hey Annie how
are you boy do I have something fun for
us to do she's like why are you writing
Julia
thank you coming so we just did a
beautiful so sort of a surprise for you
and it's beginning uh-huh don't worry
have you been a good crystal store no oh
my god it's so close I think you have
something for my friend those are the
red violets are blue I'm feeling some of
those you ask a girl out the store if
you like yeah well I would like to know
more anybody you want to get a drink
yeah there's a liquor store down the
street
you get your info ASAP going to Patti
quick quick quick quick
like wait right here I'll be back this
is where you make sure the bike is okay
how time to go give Amy the last and
final note so that she can come with me
come let's do this together a through
blind date wait what did we get what did
it give you and then it should be like
swedish fish like here's the hint of Who
I am
what it is no collapse oh I'll tell you
what to do go to where you're supposed
to be are you ready to meet me on the
patio under the light is sort of pietà
light goes to the attack random girl
from do you have having a little a thank
you maybe we're going to your house
let's that's where I was supposed to be
sitting here in a stranger's house by
myself and I have no idea what's
happening I'm assuming this is a blind
date two glasses right here I have no
idea who I'm waiting for I'm actually
pretty nervous right now one of the
strangest experiences of my life
are you ready but hey you gotta fight
most of the idea what's going on that's
how they both ends up here yeah enjoy
yourselves here look what I set up for
you perfect for two I'll put a little
record on
[Music]
let's do it
let's leave your alone time let me know
I go and the summer's variants I'm still
going up to girls alright since Thomas
is very uncomfortable going out to girls
on the street I'm still uncomfortable
like walking up to someone in public if
you see someone in public like it's not
like you're attracted to their
personality you know what I mean like
because I found her beautiful I'm okay
it's first because she's cute and then I
want to find out who she is
and I wish I probably going to phone
screening so basically we're going to
ask girls talk to Thomas on the phone
and ask him interview questions that
hopefully will help to decide whether
they go out on a blind date with him or
not
so can we put you with our friend on the
phone and sweet let's do it maybe what
am I asking that's just like normal
questions like where you from
like we're not reading embarrassing good
what you'd like to know if you'd like
you to ask or what would be like the
first day that you take me on right now
on the spot like you should ask him
corner and real hard she's attached for
this is a test for Thomas whether you
can hold on a blinder or not he also
does know about the coal yeah what's
your name Samara Samara I'm Mar
okay hi Thomas how are you I'm well how
are you I'm pretty good it's clear off
you're over me we were going to go on
that day together come on you couldn't
know my name right yes I was just
wondering what you grow up in Paris
yes I'm from Australia come on you know
this coming Brisbane the East Coast so
we don't get the consulate like we do
yeah I heard you like onset I think
you're good right now you should die and
you should come down yes the Mira came
just to see the sunset I was told you'd
being here okay come come by - I'm by
the skate park I promise you leave a
better impression in person on the phone
before it's going to be a pre romantic
we're not going to comment yeah we live
like we live extremely close I just say
with you how bacon you can leave but
yeah Wow damn - you walk is it you were
going to the man the myth the legend
look at that bloody face how are you
doing
that's now that I'm finally right all
right we're out working up we're gonna
leave you should come over for dinner so
just make sure she knows like I arranged
that yeah just be the one holding won't
you tell me I'll you at first I had the
common fear of meeting someone you made
me vulnerable and uncomfortable but I
not taking that leap of faith I would
not have had such fun and unique
experiences approaching someone you're
interested in is always nerve-racking so
what's the right attitude a little bit
of creativity you might not have a
chance
you and me despite all this I'm still on
the editing chair and I'm still single
so thank you for watching this week's
video we just want to say hi and thank
you welcome to all the new subscribers
if you're not subscribed and you watch
this all the way to the end make sure to
do that and then leave us a comment we
read 100% of them and we're answering as
many as you can and then we'll see you
next Sunday usually the one